"And as well as many others, we are strengthening these practices. And then generally we all know
the Buddha gave many different levels and categories of the teachings.
Those teachings are known as sutra teachings and as well as tantra teachings. And sutra teachings
and tantra teachings, those are the kind of simple ways to understand or to make divisions.
And then this time we focus on more tantra teachings or tantra teachings. And tantra teaching has
many different, again, categories, according to the readiness of the individuals or many
practitioners.
Those are known as outer tantra, inner tantras, and so forth. And this is, again, generally more
focusing on the inner tantras.
And inner tantra, again, this practice can summarize whole entire practice or the tantra teaching
can summarize into two categories.
And those are known as two-stage practices. Two-stage practices or yeah, two-stage practices.
And those are known as then the visualization of the creation-stage practices as well as then
practices of the dissolving and the completion-stage practices.
Those are the two categories. When you put tantra teaching into practices, and that's what we
should really follow that.
And this time we are going to focus more about the creation-stage of the visualization aspect of
practices.
And this visualization part as well as practices then need many different kind of preparations.
And we like to make more, kind of like more elaborated according to lineage instructions.
Lineage instruction is very, very important because tantra teaching generally is very vast and deep
teachings.
Deep teachings, in order to really bring forth the essence meaning of the tantra teaching or tantra
practices, must be, we must have the lineage teachings.
And those are known as then, such as sadness. Sadness is so important because otherwise tantra is
so deep as ocean or as vast as sky.
Sky, there is so many different meanings. And those I think many of the times we started last few
years.
Years ago there were six limits and four systems. Those are tantra kind of codes. In a way those
are signical codes. C-O-D-E-R-V.
The codes. Codes are important to reveal each of those meanings.
If we don't have the right to code, we must understand the meaning of entire tantra teachings.
So therefore this sadhana is important. Sadhana is, in a way, released the codes.
Codes released is ready to practice. Ready to apply that. So therefore sadness is important.
For that reason the great master, Guru Pramma Sambha said in his teachings, one of the teachings
said,
Sadhana tantra is related with sadness. Sadhana is related with ritual, ritual ceremonies or
rituals.
Ritual is related with lineage. And the lineage is related with the pit instructions of the
teachers.
That is how all connected. Without using the right instruction and lineage, then it won't bring the
essence meaning and essence power of the teaching.
Also is also known as then, we are in a way trespassing. Trespassing is something that is so
special, so sacred, so many great practitioners
and so many dakas and dakinis and the buddhas and the dharmas. Therefore always in the teaching
said we should honor the lineage.
We should honor the instructions. And then if we honor that, we are in the right line and the
lineage blesses.
Blessings of the wisdom and compassion then entered easily to the mind's strength of the individual
and we follow the lineage.
The meaning of the lineage also means then we have the joy, appreciation, respect. And those are
all then combined, known as devotions.
Devotions and all that is important. Because then really observing that teaching so beautifully and
so special.
And without that, then in a way we try to use something that we don't have the right instruction
and the right knowledge and the right kind of ways to enter.
And then is also known as kind of like breaking the systems or breaking the Samayas. Samayas and V
ichis.
Not good. Not good for the practitioner because we like to really practice.
Practice means we like to revere our goodness of the nature. The purpose of the practice is to reve
re the goodness.
Goodness of one's own nature of the mind, one's own self and then inspire other with that goodness.
That is what really the practice means. And the goodness is then known as in the Buddha's teaching
as you all know.
The Buddha nature, Buddha nature that we like to revere. We all know that it is such a wonderful
goodness nature.
But this goodness nature is covered up with many habit patterns, layers of layers.
Those habit patterns we carried in the past times, maybe many lives before.
And this time also additionally we added so many different habit patterns since we have grown up
until now.
There are so many kinds of dogmas, habit patterns and so many kinds of extra laggages, extra
packages that we added up one after another.
That which is making ourselves heavy and burdened and driving down to that of our goodness nature.
And then almost a kind of disappeared. It must kind of be hidden in the midst of all that.
And for that reason then the practice is we are coming back to our center, our own nature status
and bring that goodness and make ourselves happy in joy.
One of the beautiful beings on this earth and then stay with that beauty and live this world with
that beauty.
And that is the meaning of life, I think. That is the simple purpose of this story of life.
Make happy ourselves, make happy others and stay with happy and live this with happy and live the
legacy of the happiness and goodness to the others.
So they can be inspired, continue that happy as the chain reaction, as the ripples of the goodness
continue carried.
That's what all those great masters did, the Buddha did. And all those six ornaments of the great
master of the India did.
And as well as 25 disciples of Guru Purnima Sambha as we did in the odd centuries.
The odd centuries, still the ripple is continuing those great and people of the goodness.
And such as all those what we call the great masters, great teachers, they practice the goodness.
Goodness of love, joy, peace, happiness, happiness.
Revert that goodness and share that and continue that life left still is as like radiating as like
what we call the northern light.
Continually echoing that. And that is what we should. We should and that is our goal.
In order to do this, then this ritual ceremony is very important. We are truly entering in the
lineage.
Lineage. Not just theoretically, kind of like watching that we are not watch, watch dogs, but we
are actually engaging courageously, joyfully and happily we enter in the lineage.
And that is what is all about the rituals. Ritual ceremony. So therefore this ritual is again
important.
And when we are speaking about the ritual now, now that is our kind of the main topic and there is
three ways to understand of this ritual.
And again, ritual is related with the, with the, among the two principles is related with the
visualization aspect of the practice, or the creation stage aspect of the practice of the Vedayana
with the sadness.
Sadness are the manuals, manual instruction how we should make the practices.
Again, practice is then more kind of elaborate way to understanding. I think that is what we all
know.
That means practice. Practice means we are practicing, bring the full realization of the three Ved
as.
Three Vedas, Vedara body, Vedara speech and Vedara mind.
Or sometimes also known as the poor mothers, poor mothers, the entire phenomena existing of all
this appearance.
Appearance, the old, the mass, mass, M-A-B-M-A-S-S, mass, mass, all existing mass phenomena
appearing is known as the mother of the divine body.
Is all, everything, not just selected object, but entirely cosmic existing or beyond the cosmic,
anything is existing.
Mass, those are known as the divine mother of the body of the Buddhas.
And all the sound systems existing, entirely universe, including our sound systems, is divine, Madh
ara, Dharma Madhara of the Buddha speech.
So this is the mother of the speech.
And then entirely existing of divine space, so entire space, including our own mind.
Mind is the murderer of the divine mind or the Buddha mind, Samayas.
Samayas, this is three murderers.
Then the poor murderer is known as entirely everything, looks like they are body, speech, mind,
looks like separated entities.
But in the reality level, everything is equal, everything is united, there's nothing is really out
of the natures.
Natures, all are within the one single state of the economy, union state of the Madras.
So it is called union Madras of the great inseparable state.
This is the poor mother that we are going to explore, explore by the ritual practices.
Ritual practices will help to ignite that call, that realization.
For that reason, Gurbam Masambhar said, also one of his teachings, he said,
when you do the ritual ceremony, it brings the splendor of the blessings and the call of the mind.
It brings splendor, right?
Splendor.
It brings the glory.
It brings the glory and the power.
It shines out.
It will bring that call.
So therefore ritual ceremony is very important.